Acd 839 (#62)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: Core1Platform/02_CoreCapabilities.md

 

## Omni-Channel integration

There are a lot of ways to do digital commerce, including not only your own online store but also numerous marketplaces. However, managing products separately in each channel requires huge effort. The *Actindo Core1 Platform* enables unified commerce by treating comparably digital and traditional stationary commerce. For example, you can treat a stationary store like a web shop. And a web shop order like a sale process in the POS (point of sale) system.   
With the *Omni-Channel* module, you can connect your web store and all relevant marketplaces as well as payment service providers directly to the platform and manage them centrally. You can integrate various store systems, such as Shopify or Magento 2.

## Process integration 

The data model of the *DataHub* module with ETL system (extract, transform, load) allows maximum flexibility. It defines how data flows through your system. It enables complex and varying data to be mapped, transformed, and transferred. The transfer is done by external services to other modules as well as external systems such as legacy ERP systems, marketplaces, payment and fulfillment providers, etc.    

> You can easily integrate external custom APIs or other non-standard interfaces. In order to connect non-flexible external systems, you can add your API endpoints to the digital operations platform without needing deploying code.

Reviewer: digital operation platform -> Groß als Eigenname? Evtl. duchgängig prüfen und vereinheitlichen

Author: Mach ich

You can customize your individual data fields and sources for each process and "translate" them individually for their receivers. You can easily extend data fields and use custom and complex field types.  

## Process orchestration

> The Actindo process orchestration allows you to design, control, map, and monitor your business processes. Based on your special and individual business rules, your company's processes and data can be mapped and made available however and whenever you want. You can use the Actindo *Workflow* module to easily adapt and automate your processes in a graphical way and almost without any code needed.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Actindo process orchestration allows you to design, control, map, and monitor your business processes. Based on your special and individual business rules, your company's processes and data can be mapped and made available however and whenever you want. You can use the Actindo *Workflows* module to easily adapt and automate your processes in a graphical way and almost without any code needed.  
```

You can model any kind of complex processes and visualize them where they are executed. By doing this, you know the past, future, and present of any entity.
You can automate and parallelize the business for high volumes.

**Away from API orchestration to business process orchestration**

![Business process orchestration](../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/BusinessProcessOrchestration2.png "[Business process orchestration]")   

> 

Reviewer: Die Screenshots sind etwas unterschiedliche. Überlegt es dir, welche du nehmen möchtest und löscht das andere.

Author: Mach ich

## Monitoring and reporting

> Keeping track of all business areas is difficult when different systems and IT solutions are in use. As an overarching digital operations platform, the *Actindo Core1* integrates all the important processes of online commerce. The *DB and reporting* module enables you to provide an overview of various KPIs and statistics from all modules in one place.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keeping track of all business areas is difficult when different systems and IT solutions are in use. As an overarching digital operations platform, the *Actindo Core1 Platform* integrates all the important processes of online commerce. The *DB and reporting* module enables you to provide an overview of various KPIs and statistics from all modules in one place.   
```

> The *DB and reporting* module is a powerful tool to quickly access, retrieve, and manage all data contained in your system. You can individually configure the data output in different formats. You will no longer need to collect data coming from different data silos.    

Reviewer: Vielleicht der letzte Satz in diesem Abschnitt, da sie beide über DB and reporting sprechen? 
The *Database and reporting* module enables you to provide an overview of various KPIs and statistics from all modules in one place. It/This module is a powerful tool...

> The *DB and reporting* module is a powerful tool to quickly access, retrieve, and manage all data contained in your system. You can individually configure the data output in different formats. You will no longer need to collect data coming from different data silos.    

Author: ```suggestion
It is a powerful tool to quickly access, retrieve, and manage all data contained in your system. You can individually configure the data output in different formats. You will no longer need to collect data coming from different data silos.    
```

> The *DB and reporting* module is a powerful tool to quickly access, retrieve, and manage all data contained in your system. You can individually configure the data output in different formats. You will no longer need to collect data coming from different data silos.    

Author: ```suggestion
It is a powerful tool to quickly access, retrieve, and manage all data contained in your system. You can individually configure the data output in different formats. You will no longer need to collect data coming from different data silos.    
```

> For example, you can use a dashboard enabled by a Grafana&trade; integration. At a glance, it gives system administrators an overview on the system health, alerts, or the number of error messages. By visualization of time series data, it shows a sales representative the top sellers, the number of orders, or incoming orders after marketing activities.

Reviewer: For example weglassen? Ich sehe hier den Bezug nicht ganz. Andere Satzverbindung, z.B. Besides, ... (also DB and reporting allows quick data access and retrieval + visualization/alert possibilities using Grafana)

> For example, you can use a dashboard enabled by a Grafana&trade; integration. At a glance, it gives system administrators an overview on the system health, alerts, or the number of error messages. By visualization of time series data, it shows a sales representative the top sellers, the number of orders, or incoming orders after marketing activities.

Author: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can use a dashboard enabled by a Grafana&trade; integration. At a glance, it gives system administrators an overview on the system health, alerts, or the number of error messages. By visualization of time series data, it shows a sales representative the top sellers, the number of orders, or incoming orders after marketing activities.
```

> <!----Hier vielleicht ein Bild von grafana einfügen?-->

Reviewer: Gute Frage für Julian, ob ok (es ist open source, aber lieber fragen)

> # Core capabilities

Reviewer 2: I would suggest a different structure.

First emphasize the use cases. That it can run standalone or be integrated within an existing/new IT-infrastructure.

After that name the business cases it can handle

Reviewer: Wenn erledigt, resolve conversation.

The *Actindo Core1 Platform* provides you with the following:
- [Standalone solution or modernization of legacy ERP systems](md#standalone-solution-or-modernization-of-legacy-erp-systems)
- [Omni-channel integration](#omni-channel-orchestration)
- [Data transformation and process orchestration](#data-transformation-and-process-orchestration)
- [Monitoring and reporting](#monitoring-and-reporting)
 

> ## Standalone solution or modernization of legacy ERP systems

Reviewer 2: What do you think about calling it "Use Cases" or "Fields of application"

Author: done

> The *Actindo Core1 Platform* supports the business of companies in wholesale and retail, sale via marketplaces or social commerce. It treats online commerce the same as stationary trading. Each store is its own marketplace, each transaction at a pay desk an incoming payment or refund.  

Reviewer 2: Instead of "It treats..." i would write something like "It enables Unified Commerce by treating digital and traditional stationary commerce in a comparable way". And then you can give the example that stationary store is treated like a webshop. And a webshop order like a sale process in the PoS-System
Wording "Unified Commerce" is imho important

Author: done

The *Actindo Core1 Platform* is a complete interlocking solution. You can compose your individual platform by selecting only those modules you really need for your business.

### ERP system is not yet in use

If you do not have an ERP system in use yet, the *Actindo Core1 Platform* can run as a standalone platform. The wide range of classic ERP features helps to digitize, automate, and optimize e-commerce processes. You can use it as all-in-one-solution to do the following:   
 - Maintain your business data.   
 - Implement and monitor your e-commerce processes.   
 - Get, transform, and transfer data from service providers, shops, and fulfillment providers.   
- Reporting on products, individual KPIs, and statistics.    
- And much more...

### ERP system is in use

If there is an existing ERP system in use, the solution provides complete software for linking existing and legacy IT systems with modern markets in the B2C (Business to Customer) and B2B (Business to Business) sectors.   

> The average age of running ERP solutions are about 12 years. This means in most cases that you are not able to quickly follow new evolutions in e-commerce with your legacy ERP system. Changing of processes and data models are then extremely time-consuming and expensive.  

Reviewer 2: not only time-consuming and expensive but also risky because it could have bad impact on the parts of the business that are stable

Author: done
